wherever was quoted a scion I'm just
gonna read you my favorite bits and then
we're gonna bring on bring on the
headline I'm sorry these fucking pages
come on my battery not right so here we
go right this is imagine me as a 12/14
you're all just just reading this for
the first time okay so here we go
does people get in semi-erect after near
main notion of what I'm about to say to
go this is fucking awkward man this is I
can't wait from the fucking finish this
stuff okay so here we go I'll cite me 12
13 years of age he ripped open her
blouse I'll be honest top wouldn't I'll
be honest that would have told me back
then that would have been that would
have been more than or he'd been out on
the skateboard I've been smokin a
divinium whatever so here we go he
ripped open her blouse he swiftly
invaded her special kingdom
and was immediately graded with a very
warm reception the heat generated from
between her legs would have melted a
fuckin M&M
obviously I I made up it up they don't
allow advertising in mills and boons
novels she was taken aback by the size
of his cycloptic warrior
when Newman was romantic Oh annoyed her
ex-boyfriend Danny her ex's idea of
romance was for Valentine's Day
he bought her a pair and knee pads
I'll be honest the first couple of times
I read that I didn't get it I was like
that's fucking weird and then I made
mine
I made a moan explain that to me and I
went oh alright
she's a skateboarder okay
a new man treat her like a princess
he opened doors for and most importantly
he didn't break wind in front of her she
appreciated that her ex-boyfriend Donny
used to fart into his hand and throw
water
for phone and in public she was more
experienced than any other girls he'd
been with she'd used both her hands and
her mouth his ex treat his erections
like a lift for work she held that as
far away from her as possible in case it
went off he ran his hands slowly down
her back he felt her skin goosepimple on
the Deloitte blonde wispy hair at the
base of her spine I reminded him with
the forced one-night stand he'd ever had
she too had hair at the base of her
spine but it wasn't blonde and it wasn't
wispy it was chick and those loads
from a distance she looked like a
fucking pony now again I paraphrased I
read between the lines
okay we're nearly there he attempted to
give her oral pleasure but she declined
he thought it was because she was
unselfish and wanted to satisfy his
needs purely partially partially this
was true but she also declined the offer
because she hadn't had time to shower
that day and the lips of our Fanny were
stuck to my legs
I'm not even paraphrasing that it
actually says that here we go we're
finishing now she ran her full hope his
leg and rested it on his crotch he
lifted her leg above the table removed
her shoe and sock the stalls
unfortunately for him her athlete's foot
powder hadn't quite roid in properly he
pretended it had he liked the Rollo
bitter romance therefore the girths
he wanted it to be specially did
multiple nightstand he'd had too many @m
he was sick of them coochi be his
soulmate his perfect match the reason
his heartbeat could it be that he was
looking into the eyes of the future
mother of his children you can fuck me
in the arse if you want
she said from over her shoulder
he obliged she claimed under the table
and began performing fellatio on him he
was trying to suppress his natural urge
to let go he wanted to unleash
everything within him she told him to
let her know when he was at the point of
no return he promised her he would
he's
you